One, Metallica, Pop, 200
Hail to the King, Avenged Sevenfold, Rock, 10
D'la sate, Fara Zahar, Altele, 100
eqi lotic, adu vanof, Altele, None
eto pafew, eje yubeg, Pop, None
eqi dicuk, awu mecer, Jazz, None
uwe yosum, uri qoten, Jazz, None
titlu, asdad, Pop, 12
Vara nu Dorm, ConnectR, Pop, 200
asd, asd, Pop, 123
aha kuzuh, aro nefad, Altele, None
eri gixuh, eje qudaj, Altele, None
evi hulux, iye maquy, Altele, None
iwi qovih, izi moxic, Rock, None
aya gocet, abo rinid, Altele, None
aci wofuh, udu keweb, Jazz, None
axe suvor, oda cecib, Jazz, None
usi solon, oci wiloc, Pop, None
aci dawen, oxa timiz, Pop, None
osa cedew, ema qelij, Jazz, None
one gofit, afe vuyim, Jazz, None
utu mefeq, enu muyag, Jazz, None
aca zocud, eru kumov, Rock, None
eyi qijut, eme zutet, Altele, None
ivu famus, owe ruwov, Pop, None
ono reqor, eqa hadip, Altele, None
aze reset, ozu garel, Altele, None
ope jaxem, ola qeruz, Altele, None
oya gilel, ase benaz, Altele, None
ita rerok, oho resiq, Altele, None
eso leduy, exi yemej, Altele, None
eno dekay, ise roboq, Jazz, None
ewu buxiq, enu lupod, Pop, None
ima bipuf, oda sizod, Rock, None
ovu hediw, ace kowap, Jazz, None
udu nalol, iyi pusud, Jazz, None
aso bezay, eko coqas, Rock, None
uwo rujin, ire yenob, Pop, None
aco nadax, ifu donip, Jazz, None
oxi nehet, exa bikuc, Jazz, None
ole ponoz, ebu xecar, Altele, None
izu zamiq, epi divor, Altele, None
eke buret, une hamaf, Altele, None
ake xevof, ari zugor, Altele, None
oru pivut, ugi qiyus, Pop, None
afi fahuj, eyu hajiq, Altele, None
use kitex, aco bafuv, Altele, None
aco pahup, uxa wegav, Rock, None
asu famud, ihe qejep, Rock, None
ofa notus, oxi qulal, Pop, None
ore yimug, uta kehey, Jazz, None
aso quroj, oyo deyej, Altele, None
itu johaf, apu paxod, Pop, None
uyu kutot, iha yedat, Altele, None
uxe joxuj, uyu pekec, Jazz, None
aca neduh, uma pemax, Altele, None
iye piruv, uho xejud, Jazz, None
ece siyak, odi hareb, Rock, None
ele tasis, asu jivov, Jazz, None
uwa wanok, oye muqey, Pop, None
ica wumun, eje gigiz, Jazz, None
ove roxeg, ucu mofod, Jazz, None
oka pofef, ema romil, Jazz, None
ara hetuk, uqe quzem, Pop, None
era japun, oje gezox, Pop, None
ace tizuq, ape wowac, Rock, None
uso wuyud, agi tuzig, Rock, None
ani fituz, ohi muzat, Pop, None
ubu kocat, aqa pasek, Rock, None
iti wuxof, ogi catuh, Jazz, None
ihe wamev, eja kelup, Jazz, None
eta dexob, ewi jekug, Pop, None
ucu nidoc, ila pipiq, Pop, None
ude dejud, ixe mapam, Jazz, None
ete sutot, ute maceq, Jazz, None
eyo cikek, egu lamuq, Rock, None
owi pekak, uwo gulag, Pop, None
ivi vuxuq, uze gonic, Rock, None
ife cemaf, uyo naniq, Rock, None
aqo jelin, ugo bucac, Jazz, None
ofo tibuc, evi kecop, Rock, None
iga femes, oyo yahah, Altele, None
umu kemow, iyi qadig, Altele, None
ica kibup, osa zapab, Altele, None
uxa legij, uke burih, Altele, None
iwi sabiz, aje diluv, Jazz, None
oti tigow, uqa soves, Jazz, None
aja nizuv, emu hekur, Pop, None
oya nakuj, uso pucer, Rock, None
ati totop, epe rinep, Rock, None
eyo zudun, ipi damoz, Pop, None
eko jitan, ite qizig, Altele, None
ofa lelor, ahe konig, Pop, None
epu tazot, asi majaq, Altele, None
amo cejil, adu zexux, Pop, None
ibu yedog, ozu loted, Pop, None
iqa lezil, uho zupof, Rock, None
odo guvir, ete hucoy, Pop, None
uqa sakuf, esu kiror, Altele, None
eta kugix, uba badeh, Pop, None
imo ceboz, ovi gixiq, Altele, None
umi qucec, ure burov, Jazz, None
eki tudot, avo yugim, Rock, None
ixe yaweb, oji kirow, Jazz, None
ija yotut, osa minez, Pop, None
ahu waqal, elu tumig, Pop, None
oku pezow, iva gaqox, Rock, None
uzo teqiq, uti datak, Jazz, None
abo fixop, oqo vefaq, Altele, None
ura wuvad, uni fohac, Rock, None
